A value of 1 is opaque, wich isn't transparent at all. 
A value of 0.5 is half see-throug. 
A value of 0 is competely transparent. 


Use the Text-transform property to make text Uppercase. 
The text-transfrom property in css is used to change the appearence of text. 
It's a convenient way to make sure text on a webpage appears consistently, without having to change the text content of the actual HTML elements. 

The Text-value transform are : 
* lowercase
*UPPERCASE
*Capitalize
*initial 
*inherit.
*none

Css use line-height property to change the height of each line in block of text. 
It changes the amount of vertical space that each line of text gets.


//Uage of pseudo-classes. A pseudo-class is a keyword that can be added to selectors, in order to select a specific state of the element. 


// Css treats each HTML element as its own box, wich is usually referred to as the CSS Box Model. 
Bloc-level items automatically start on a new line (p,h and divs)
While inline sit within surroundig content (like image or spans). 
The default layout of elements in this way is called the normal flow os a document, but css offers the position property to override it. 



When the position of an element is set to "relative", it allos us to specifiy how css should move it relative to its current position in the normal flow of the page. 
It pairs with the css offset properties or 'left', or 'right', and 'top' or 'bottom'.
These say how many pixels, percentagesm or ems to move the item away from where it is normally positioned. 

ex : 

element { 
 position:relative; 
 botton : npx;
 }



Changing an element's position to relative does not remve it from the normal flow.
other elements around it still behave as if that item were in its default position. 

Note: 
Positioning gives us a  lot of flexibility and power over the visual layout of a page. 
No matter the position of elements, the underlyinh HTML markup should be organized and make sense when read from top to bottom. 

This is hoe user with visual impairments(who rely on assistive devices like screen readers)accese our content.

Thee Css offsets tell the browser how far to offset an item relative to where  it would sit in the normal flow of the document. 
We're offseting an element away from a given spot, wich moves the element away from the referenced side. (Usually, the opposite direction)



//Css position  property 'absolute', wich locks the element in place relative to its parent container. 
Unlie the relative position, this removes the element from the normal flow of the document, so surrrounding items ignore it.

// The CCS properties (top or bottom and left or right) are mostly used to adjust the position. 
The absolute positioning is that il will be locked relative to its closest positioned ancestor. 
If we forget to add a position rule to the parent item, the browser will keeep looking up the chain and ultimately dafault to the body tag. 


//CSS offers too the  'fixed' 
position, wich is a type of absolute postioning that locks an element relative to the browser windo. 
Also removes the element from the normal  flow of the document . 
Other items no longer "realize" where it is positioned, wich may require some layout adjustments elsewhere. 

One key difference between the fixed and absolute positions is that an element with a fixed position win't move when the user scrolls. 


Using float property 
And push Elements left or right with it. 
It does'nt use positon, but sets the float property of an element. 
Floating elements are removed from the normal flow of a document and pushed to either the left or right of their containing parent lement. 
It's commonly used with the width property to specify how much horizontal space the floated element requires.









