// Center an Element Horizontally Using the margin Property. 
Another technique is to center a block element horizontally. 
One way to do this is to set its 'margin' to a value of auto.


Images are inline elements by default. 
Color theory and its impact on design is a deep topic and only the basics are covered.
Using different combinatiosn of colors can really change the look of a website, and a lot of thought can go into 
picking a color palette that works with our content.


The color wheel is a useful tool to visualize how colors relate to each other. 
When two colors  are opposite each other on the wheel, they are called complementary colors. 
They have the characteristic that if they are combines, they "cancel" each other out and create a gray colot.
However, when placed side-by-side, these colors appear more vribrant and  produce a strong visual contrast.


This is different that outdates RYB color model that many of us were taught in school, wich has different and complementary schools. 
Modern color theory uses the additive RGB model.
and the substractive CMY (K) model.

For all color challenges. Using color can be a powerful way to add visual interest to a page. 
Color alone should not be used as the only way to convey important information because user with viaul imapirments may not understant that content.




RGB additive color model in modern color theory. Red (R), green (G), and blue (B) are called primary colors. Mixing two primary colors creates the secondary colors cyan (G + B), magenta (R + B) and yellow (R + G). 
These secondary colors happen to be the complement to the primary color not used in their creation, and are opposite to that primary color on the color wheel. 

Tertiary colors are the result of combining a primary color with one of its secondary color neighbors.

There are various methods of selecting different colors that result in a harmonious combination in design. 



//The complementary colors challenge showed that opposite colors on the color wheel can make each other appear more vibrant when placed side-by-side, 

/used to bring visual attention to certain content on the page, wheel of colors can make each other appear more vibrant when placed side-by-side.


/Colors have several characteristics including hue, saturatiom, and lightness. 
Css3 introduced the hs1() property as an alternative way to pick a color by directly stating these characteristics. 

Hue : is what peopley generally think of as "color".

Saturation : Is the amount of gray in a color. A fully satured color has no gray in it, and a minimally satured color is almost completely gray. 

Lightness: Is the amount of white or black in a color. 
A percentage is given ranging from 0% (black) to 100%(white), where 50% is the normal color. 





The hsl()option in css also makes it easy to adjust the tone of a color.
Mixing white with a pure hue creates a tint of that color, adding black will make a shade. 
Alternatively, a tone is produced by adding gray or by both tinting and shadinf. 
Recall that the 's' and 'l' of hsl() stand for saturation and lightness,respectively. 
The saturation percent changes the amoun of gray and the lightness percent determines how much white or black is in the color. 
This is useful when we have a base hue that like us, but need different variations of it. 



//Applying a color on html elements is not limited to one falt hue. Css provides the ability to use color transtions, otherwise known as gradients, on elements. 
This is accessed through the brackgrounf property's 
'linear-grafient()'function. 
Example of the syntax : 
background: linear-gradient(gradient_direction, color 1, color 2, color 3, ...);

The first argument specififes the direction from wich color transition starts - it can be stated as a degree, where 90deg makes a vertical gradient and 45 deg is angled like a backslash. 

Expliyng the order of colors used in the gradient 

Example.
background : linear-gradient (90 deg, red, yellow, rgb(204,204.255));