Applied Accesibilty

Using Heading- Relational hieralchy of content.
Screen readers can be set to read only the headings on a page so the user gets a summary. 

It's important for the headings tags in our markup to have semantic meaning and relate to each other, not to be picked merely for their size values. 


Semantic menaning - Tag use around indicate the type of information it contains. 


Each page should always have one (and only one)h1 element, wich is the main subject of our content. 
This and the other headings are used in part by search engines to understant the topic of the page. 


--------------- o --------------------

Html5 introduced a umber of new elements that incorporate accesibilty features. 

 These tags include . 

   * main. 
   * header.
   * footer.
   * nav.
   * article.
   * section.


   among others.

   By default a browser render these elements similarly to the  div's. 
   However, using them where appropiate gives additional meaning in our markup. 
   The tag name alone can indicate the type of information it contains, wich adds semantic meaninf to that content. 
   This is use to assistive technologies.

   The main element is used to wrap the main content, and there should be only one per page. 
    Info - Central topic. 

   (Not include repeat items - Navigation link's ,banners)

   The main tag also has an embedded landmark feature that assistive technology can use to quickly navigate to the main content. 
    - Gives to assistive device that functionality. 


    -------------- o ------------------------

    Article is a sectioning element, and is used to wrap independent,self-contained content. 

    The tago works well with blog entries, forum posts, or news articles. 
    To determine if a content can stand alone is ask ourself if we removed all surroundig context, would that content still make sense?. 
    //Would the content hold up if it were in an RSS feed?


    Remember that folks using assisitve technologies rely on organized, semantically meaningful markup to better understand our work. 


    Note about section and dive. 
    The section element is also new with HTML5, and has a slightly different semantic meaning than article. 
    An article is for standalone content, and a section is for grouping thematically related content. They can be used within each other, as neeeded. 
    When there's no relationship between groups of content, then use a dive. 


    <div> - groups content. 
    <section> - groups related content.
    <article> - groups independent, self-conatined content. 

    ------------- o --------------------------

    header tg. 
    It's used to wrap introductory information or navigation links for its parent tag, and works well around content that's repeated at the top on multiple pages. 

    header shares the embedded landmark feature with main.,
    allowing assistive technologies to quickly navigate to that content. 


    <header> is meant for use in the body tag of our HTML doc. 
    Different frome <head> element.


    ------------- o -------------------------------


     Nav tag 
     Another HTML5 item with emvedded landmark feature for easy reader navigation. 
     This tag is meant to wrap around the main navigation links in our page. 

     ------------- o ---------------------------------

     The footer element has a buil-in landmark feature that allos assistive devices t quickly navigate to it. 
     It's primarily used to contain copyright information or links to rleated documents that usually sit at the bottom of a page. 



     ------------------- o -----------------------


     Html5's audio elemtn gives smenatinc meaning when it wraps sound or audio stream content in our markup. 
     Audio content also neeeds a text alt to be acessible to people who are deaf or hear of hearing. 
     This can be done with nearby text on the page or a link to a transcript. 

     The audio tag supportes the controls attribute. 
     This shoe the browser deafault play, pause, and other controls, and supportes keybbord functionalitiy. 
     This is a boolean attribute, meaning it doesn't need a value, its presence on the tag turns the settins on. 



     Multimedia content usually has both visual and auditory components. 
     It needs synchronized captions and a transcript so users with visual and/or auditory imapirments can access it. 

     Generally, a web developer is not  responsible for creating the captions or transcript, but needs to know to include them. 
     