
Figure element 

HTML5 introduced the figure element, with his related figcaption. 
Used together, these items wrap a visual representacion along with its caption.
 This semantically group related content, and provide a text alternative that explains the figure. 

 // For data visualizations like charts, the caption can be used briefly note the trends or conclusiones for users with visual inmpairments. 


 ¿How to move a table version of the chart's data off-screen(using CSS) for screen reader users. 

 !-- The figcaption goeas inside the <figure>. And can be combined with other elements. 


 Example : 
  <figure> 
    <figcaption> 
     Description for the caption . 
     </figcaption> 
  </figure> 


Label - element.
Improve accesibility with semantic HTML markup applies to use both appropiate tag names as well as attributes. 

The label tag wraps the text for a specific form control item, usuallt the name or label for a choice. 
This ties meaning to the item and makes the form more readable. 

 !-- The 'for' attribute on a label tag explicitely associates that label with the form control and is used by screen readers. 

 The values of the for attribute must be the same as the value of the id attribute of the form control. 


 Wrap Radio buttons in a fieldst element. 

 Each choice is given a label with a for attribute tying to the id of the corresponding item as covered in the last challenge.
  Since radio buttons often come in a group where the user must choose one, there's a way to semantically show the choices are part of a set. 

  The field set tag surrounds the entire grouping of radio buttons to achieve this. It often uses a legend tag to provide a description for the groupin, wich is read by screen readers for each choice in the fieldset element. 

  !-- The fieldset wrapper and legend tag are not necessary when the choices are self-explanatory, like a gender selection. 



  Accesible Date picker. 
  Forms often include the input field, wich can be used to create several different form controls.  
  The type attribute on this element indicates what kind of input will be created. 

  //HTML5 introduced an option to specify a date field. Depending on browser support, a date picker shows up in the input field when it's in focus, wich makes filling in a form easier for all users. 

  For older browsers, the type will default to text, so it helps to show users the expected date format in the label or as placeholder, text just in case.


  It's a awesome tool that have by default a calendar in it. Really cool stuff.


  HTML5 datetime attribute. 
  Also introduced the time element along with a datetime attrobute to standardize times. 
  This is an inline element that can wrap a date or time on a page. 
  A valid format of that date is held by the datetime attribute. 
  Thisis the values accesed by a assistive devices. 


  Importance of a logical document outline,, and using semanticallt meaningful tags around our content before introduce the visual design aspect. 


  However, CSS's magic can also improve accessibility on our page whe we want to visually hide content meant only for screen readers. This happens when information is in a visual format(like a chart), but screen reader users need an alternative presentation(like a table) to access the date.
  CSS is used to position the screen reader-only elements off the visual are of the browser window. 

  overflow:hidden; 

  The fllowing CSS approaches will not do the same: 
   {
   display:none; 
   visibility:hidden;
   }



   Improve readability with high contrast text. 
   Low contrast between the foreground and background colors can make text difficult to read. 
   Sufficient contrast improves the readability of our content. 

   The WCAG (Web Content Accesibility  Guidelines) rommend at least a 4.5 to 1 contrast ratio for normal text. 
   The ratios is calculated by comparing the relative luminance values of two color. 
   //This ranges from 1:1 for the same color, or no contrast, to 21:1 for white against balck, the strongest contrast. 


   Two accessibility issues. 
    First, color alone should not be used as the only way to convey important information because screen reader users won't see it. 
    Second, foreground and background colors need sufficient contrast so color blind users can distinguish them. 

    Contrast checking toolds. 
    The WCAG recommended contast ratio of 4.5:1 applies for color use as well as gray-scale combinations. 

    Colorblind users have trouble distinguishing some colors from others - usually in hue but sometimes lightness as well. 

    There are varoius forms of colorblindness. 
    The most common form is a reduced sensitivity to detect greens. 


    Close colors can be thought of as neighbors on the color wheel,  and those combinations should be avoided when conveying important information .

    Some online color picking tools include visuals simulations of how colors appear for different types of colorblindness.


    Screen reader users have different options for what type of content their device reads. This includes skipping to (or over) landmark elements, jumping to the main content, or getting a page summary from the headings. 
    Another way is to only hear the links available on a apge. 
    We should use brief but descriptive text within the a tags to provide more meaning. 